CVE-2020-9673	Adobe ColdFusion 2016 update 15 and earlier versions, and ColdFusion 2018 update 9 and earlier versions have a dll search-order hijacking vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to privilege escalation.
CVE-2020-9672	Adobe ColdFusion 2016 update 15 and earlier versions, and ColdFusion 2018 update 9 and earlier versions have a dll search-order hijacking vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to privilege escalation.
CVE-2019-7839	ColdFusion versions Update 3 and earlier, Update 10 and earlier, and Update 18 and earlier have a command injection vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2018-4942	Adobe ColdFusion Update 5 and earlier versions, ColdFusion 11 Update 13 and earlier versions have an exploitable Unsafe XML External Entity Processing vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2018-4941	Adobe ColdFusion Update 5 and earlier versions, ColdFusion 11 Update 13 and earlier versions have an exploitable Cross-Site Scripting vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2018-4940	Adobe ColdFusion Update 5 and earlier versions, ColdFusion 11 Update 13 and earlier versions have an exploitable Cross-Site Scripting vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2018-4939	Adobe ColdFusion Update 5 and earlier versions, ColdFusion 11 Update 13 and earlier versions have an exploitable Deserialization of Untrusted Data vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2018-4938	Adobe ColdFusion Update 5 and earlier versions, ColdFusion 11 Update 13 and earlier versions have an exploitable Insecure Library Loading vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to local privilege escalation.
CVE-2018-15965	Adobe ColdFusion versions July 12 release (2018.0.0.310739), Update 6 and earlier, and Update 14 and earlier have a deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2018-15964	Adobe ColdFusion versions July 12 release (2018.0.0.310739), Update 6 and earlier, and Update 14 and earlier have a use of a component with a known vulnerability vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2018-15963	Adobe ColdFusion versions July 12 release (2018.0.0.310739), Update 6 and earlier, and Update 14 and earlier have a security bypass vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary folder creation.
CVE-2018-15962	Adobe ColdFusion versions July 12 release (2018.0.0.310739), Update 6 and earlier, and Update 14 and earlier have a directory listing vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2018-15961	Adobe ColdFusion versions July 12 release (2018.0.0.310739), Update 6 and earlier, and Update 14 and earlier have an unrestricted file upload vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2018-15960	Adobe ColdFusion versions July 12 release (2018.0.0.310739), Update 6 and earlier, and Update 14 and earlier have a use of a component with a known vulnerability vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary file overwrite.
CVE-2018-15959	Adobe ColdFusion versions July 12 release (2018.0.0.310739), Update 6 and earlier, and Update 14 and earlier have a deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2018-15958	Adobe ColdFusion versions July 12 release (2018.0.0.310739), Update 6 and earlier, and Update 14 and earlier have a deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2018-15957	Adobe ColdFusion versions July 12 release (2018.0.0.310739), Update 6 and earlier, and Update 14 and earlier have a deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2017-3066	Adobe ColdFusion 2016 Update 3 and earlier, ColdFusion 11 update 11 and earlier, ColdFusion 10 Update 22 and earlier have a Java deserialization vulnerability in the Apache BlazeDS library. Successful exploitation could lead to arbitrary code execution.
CVE-2017-3008	Adobe ColdFusion 2016 Update 3 and earlier, ColdFusion 11 update 11 and earlier, ColdFusion 10 Update 22 and earlier have a reflected cross-site scripting vulnerability.
CVE-2017-11286	Adobe ColdFusion has an XML external entity (XXE) injection vulnerability. This affects Update 4 and earlier versions for ColdFusion 2016, and Update 12 and earlier versions for ColdFusion 11.
CVE-2017-11285	Adobe ColdFusion has a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability. This affects Update 4 and earlier versions for ColdFusion 2016, and Update 12 and earlier versions for ColdFusion 11.
CVE-2017-11284	Adobe ColdFusion has an Untrusted Data Deserialization vulnerability. This affects Update 4 and earlier versions for ColdFusion 2016, and Update 12 and earlier versions for ColdFusion 11.
CVE-2017-11283	Adobe ColdFusion has an Untrusted Data Deserialization vulnerability. This affects Update 4 and earlier versions for ColdFusion 2016, and Update 12 and earlier versions for ColdFusion 11.
CVE-2016-7887	Adobe ColdFusion Builder versions 2016 update 2 and earlier, 3.0.3 and earlier have an important vulnerability that could lead to information disclosure.
CVE-2016-4264	The Office Open XML (OOXML) feature in Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 21 and 11 before Update 10 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files or send TCP requests to intranet servers via a crafted OOXML spreadsheet containing an external entity declaration in conjunction with an entity reference, related to an XML External Entity (XXE) issue.
CVE-2016-4159	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 20, 11 before Update 9, and 2016 before Update 2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2016-1115	Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 19, 11 before Update 8, and 2016 before Update 1 mishandles wildcards in name fields of X.509 certificates, which might allow man-in-the-middle attackers to spoof servers via a crafted certificate.
CVE-2016-1114	Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 19, 11 before Update 8, and 2016 before Update 1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a crafted serialized Java object, related to the Apache Commons Collections library.
CVE-2016-1113	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 19, 11 before Update 8, and 2016 before Update 1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2015-8053	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 18 and 11 before Update 7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-8052.
CVE-2015-8052	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 18 and 11 before Update 7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2015-8053.
CVE-2015-5255	Adobe BlazeDS, as used in ColdFusion 10 before Update 18 and 11 before Update 7 and LiveCycle Data Services 3.0.x before 3.0.0.354175, 3.1.x before 3.1.0.354180, 4.5.x before 4.5.1.354177, 4.6.2.x before 4.6.2.354178, and 4.7.x before 4.7.0.354178, allows remote attackers to send HTTP traffic to intranet servers via a crafted XML document, related to a Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) issue.
CVE-2015-0345	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 16 and 11 before Update 5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2014-9166	Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 15 and 11 before Update 3 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (resource consumption) via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2014-5315	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Help page in Adobe Acrobat 9.5.2 and earlier and ColdFusion 8.0.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2014-0572	Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 13, 9.0.1 before Update 12, 9.0.2 before Update 7, 10 before Update 14, and 11 before Update 2 allows local users to bypass intended IP-based access restrictions via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2014-0571	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 13, 9.0.1 before Update 12, 9.0.2 before Update 7, 10 before Update 14, and 11 before Update 2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2014-0570	Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 13, 9.0.1 before Update 12, 9.0.2 before Update 7, 10 before Update 14, and 11 before Update 2 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
CVE-2013-5328	Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 12 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2013-5326	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 12, 9.0.1 before Update 11, 9.0.2 before Update 6, and 10 before Update 12, when the CFIDE directory is available, allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors related to the logviewer directory.
CVE-2013-3350	Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 11 allows remote attackers to call ColdFusion Components (CFC) public methods via WebSockets.
CVE-2013-3349	Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 through 9.0.2, when the JRun application server is used, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
CVE-2013-3336	Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0, 9.0.1, 9.0.2, and 10 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via unknown vectors.
CVE-2013-1389	Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 11, 9.0.1 before Update 10, 9.0.2 before Update 5, and 10 before Update 10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
CVE-2013-1388	Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 10, 9.0.1 before Update 9, 9.0.2 before Update 4, and 10 before Update 9 allows attackers to obtain administrator-console access via unknown vectors.
CVE-2013-1387	Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 before Update 10, 9.0.1 before Update 9, 9.0.2 before Update 4, and 10 before Update 9 allows attackers to impersonate users via unknown vectors.
CVE-2013-0632	administrator.cfc in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0, 9.0.1, 9.0.2, and 10 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and possibly execute arbitrary code by logging in to the RDS component using the default empty password and leveraging this session to access the administrative web interface, as exploited in the wild in January 2013.
CVE-2013-0631	Adobe ColdFusion 9.0, 9.0.1, and 9.0.2 allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors, as exploited in the wild in January 2013.
CVE-2013-0629	Adobe ColdFusion 9.0, 9.0.1, 9.0.2, and 10, when a password is not configured, allows attackers to access restricted directories via unspecified vectors, as exploited in the wild in January 2013.
CVE-2013-0625	Adobe ColdFusion 9.0, 9.0.1, and 9.0.2, when a password is not configured, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and possibly execute arbitrary code via unspecified vectors, as exploited in the wild in January 2013.
CVE-2012-5675	Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 through 9.0.2, and 10, allows local users to bypass intended shared-hosting sandbox permissions via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2012-5674	Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 10 before Update 5, when Internet Information Services (IIS) is used, allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
CVE-2012-2048	Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 10 and earlier allows attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
CVE-2012-2041	CRLF injection vulnerability in the Component Browser in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0 through 9.0.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTTP headers and conduct HTTP response splitting attacks via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2012-0770	Adobe ColdFusion 8.0, 8.0.1, 9.0, and 9.0.1 computes hash values for form parameters without restricting the ability to trigger hash collisions predictably, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by sending many crafted parameters.
CVE-2011-4368	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Remote Development Services (RDS) in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0 through 9.0.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2011-2463	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0 through 9.0.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors involving the cfform tag.
CVE-2011-2091	Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0, 8.0.1, 9.0, and 9.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown vectors.
CVE-2011-0737	** DISPUTED ** Adobe ColdFusion 9.0.1 CHF1 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via an id=- query to a .cfm file, which reveals the installation path in an error message. NOTE: the vendor disputes the significance of this issue because the Site-wide Error Handler and Debug Output Settings sections of the ColdFusion Lockdown guide explain the requirement for settings that prevent this information disclosure.
CVE-2011-0736	** DISPUTED ** Adobe ColdFusion 9.0.1 CHF1 and earlier, when a web application is configured to use a DBMS, allows remote attackers to obtain potentially sensitive information about the database structure via an id=- query to a .cfm file. NOTE: the vendor disputes the significance of this issue because the Site-wide Error Handler and Debug Output Settings sections of the ColdFusion Lockdown guide explain the requirement for settings that prevent this information disclosure.
CVE-2011-0735	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion before 9.0.1 CHF1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via vectors involving a "tag script."
CVE-2011-0734	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion before 9.0.1 CHF1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via an id parameter containing a JavaScript onLoad event handler for a BODY element, related to a "tag body" attack. NOTE: this was originally reported as affecting 9.0.1 CHF1 and earlier.
CVE-2011-0733	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion before 9.0.1 CHF1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the User-Agent HTTP header in an id=- query to a .cfm file.
CVE-2011-0629	Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0, 8.0.1, 9.0, and 9.0.1 allows remote attackers to hijack the authentication of unspecified victims via unknown vectors.
CVE-2011-0584	Session fixation vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0 through 9.0.1 allows remote attackers to hijack web sessions via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2011-0583	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0 through 9.0.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the cfform tag.
CVE-2011-0582	Unspecified vulnerability in the administrator console in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0 through 9.0.1 allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
CVE-2011-0581	Multiple CRLF injection vulnerabilities in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0 through 9.0.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTTP headers and conduct HTTP response splitting attacks via unspecified tags.
CVE-2011-0580	Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the administrator console in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0 through 9.0.1 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2010-5290	The authentication process in Adobe ColdFusion before 10 does not require knowledge of the cleartext password if the password hash is known, which makes it easier for context-dependent attackers to obtain administrative privileges by leveraging read access to the configuration file, a different vulnerability than CVE-2010-2861.
CVE-2010-2861	Multiple directory traversal vulnerabilities in the administrator console in Adobe ColdFusion 9.0.1 and earlier allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the locale parameter to (1) CFIDE/administrator/settings/mappings.cfm, (2) logging/settings.cfm, (3) datasources/index.cfm, (4) j2eepackaging/editarchive.cfm, and (5) enter.cfm in CFIDE/administrator/.
CVE-2010-1294	Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0, 8.0.1, and 9.0 allows local users to obtain sensitive information via unknown vectors.
CVE-2010-1293	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Administrator page in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0, 8.0.1, and 9.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2010-0185	The default configuration of Adobe ColdFusion 9.0 does not restrict access to collections that have been created by the Solr Service, which allows remote attackers to obtain collection metadata, search information, and index data via a request to an unspecified URL.
CVE-2009-3467	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in an unspecified method in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0, 8.0.1, and 9.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
CVE-2009-1878	Session fixation vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to hijack web sessions via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2009-1877	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1875.
CVE-2009-1876	Adobe ColdFusion 8.0.1 and earlier might allow attackers to obtain sensitive information via unspecified vectors, related to a "double-encoded null character vulnerability."
CVE-2009-1875	Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Adobe ColdFusion 8.0.1 and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors, a different vulnerability than CVE-2009-1877.
CVE-2009-1872	Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Adobe ColdFusion Server 8.0.1, 8, and earlier allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the startRow parameter to administrator/logviewer/searchlog.cfm, or the query string to (2) wizards/common/_logintowizard.cfm, (3) wizards/common/_authenticatewizarduser.cfm, or (4) administrator/enter.cfm.
CVE-2008-4831	Unspecified vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion 8 and 8.0.1 and ColdFusion MX 7.0.2 allows local users to bypass sandbox restrictions, and obtain sensitive information or possibly gain privileges, via unknown vectors.
CVE-2008-1656	Adobe ColdFusion 8 and 8.0.1 does not properly implement the public access level for CFC methods, which allows remote attackers to invoke these methods via Flex 2 remoting, a different vulnerability than CVE-2006-4725.
CVE-2008-1203	The administrator interface for Adobe ColdFusion 8 and ColdFusion MX7 does not log failed authentication attempts, which makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct brute force attacks without detection.
CVE-2008-0644	Adobe ColdFusion MX 7 and ColdFusion 8 allows remote attackers to bypass the cross-site scripting (XSS) protection mechanism for applications via unspecified vectors related to the setEncoding function.
CVE-2008-0643	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion MX 7 and ColdFusion 8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors.
CVE-2007-5905	Adobe ColdFusion 8 and MX 7 allows remote attackers to hijack sessions via unspecified vectors that trigger establishment of a session to a ColdFusion application in which the (1) CFID or (2) CFTOKEN cookies have empty values, possibly due to a session fixation vulnerability.
CVE-2007-1874	Adobe ColdFusion MX 7 for Linux and Solaris uses insecure permissions for certain scripts and directories, which allows local users to execute arbitrary code or obtain sensitive information via the (1) CFMX7DreamWeaverExtensions.mxp, (2) CFReportBuilderInstaller.exe, (3) .com.zerog.registry.xml, (4) uninstall.lax, (5) license.txt, (6) Readme.htm, (7) .com.zerog.registry.xml, (8) k2adminstop, or (9) k2adminstart files; or (10) certain files in lib/wsconfig/.
CVE-2007-1278	Unspecified vulnerability in the IIS connector in Adobe JRun 4.0 Updater 6, and ColdFusion MX 6.1 and 7.0 Enterprise, when using Microsoft IIS 6, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unspecified vectors, involving the request of a file in the JRun web root.
CVE-2007-0817	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion web server allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or web script via the User-Agent HTTP header, which is not sanitized before being displayed in an error page.
CVE-2006-6483	Adobe ColdFusion MX 7.x before 7.0.2 does not properly filter HTML tags when protecting against cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks, which allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a NULL byte (%00) in certain HTML tags, as demonstrated using "%00script" in a tag.
CVE-2006-6482	Adobe ColdFusion MX7 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a URL request (1) for a non-existent (a) JWS, (b) CFM, (c) CFML, or (d) CFC file, which displays the installation path in the resulting error message; or (2) to /CFIDE/administrator/login.cfm without a host, which can reveal the server's internal IP address in an HREF tag.
CVE-2006-5860	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the administrator console for Adobe JRun 4.0, as used in ColdFusion, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
CVE-2006-5859	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion MX 7 7.0 and 7.0.1, when Global Script Protection is not enabled, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML and web script via unknown vectors, possibly related to Linkdirect.cfm, Topnav.cfm, and Welcomedoc.cfm.
CVE-2006-5858	Adobe ColdFusion MX 7 through 7.0.2, and JRun 4, when run on Microsoft IIS, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files, list directories, or read source code via a double URL-encoded NULL byte in a ColdFusion filename, such as a CFM file.
CVE-2006-4726	Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Adobe ColdFusion MX 6.1 through 7.02 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unspecified vectors involving a ColdFusion error page.
CVE-2006-4725	Adobe ColdFusion MX 7 and 7.01 allows local users to bypass security restrictions and call components (CFC) within a sandbox from CFML templates that are located outside of the sandbox.
CVE-2006-4724	Unspecified vulnerability in the ColdFusion Flash Remoting Gateway in Adobe ColdFusion MX 7 and 7.01 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via unspecified vectors involving a crafted command.
CVE-2006-3978	Unspecified vulnerability in a Verity third party library, as used on Adobe ColdFusion MX 7 through MX 7.0.2 and possibly other products, allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
CVE-2006-2042	Adobe Dreamweaver 8 before 8.0.2 and MX 2004 can generate code that allows SQL injection attacks in the (1) ColdFusion, (2) PHP mySQL, (3) ASP, (4) ASP.NET, and (5) JSP server models.
CVE-2005-4345	Adobe (formerly Macromedia) ColdFusion MX 7.0 exposes the password hash of the Administrator in an API call, which allows local developers to obtain the hash and gain privileges.
CVE-2005-4344	Adobe (formerly Macromedia) ColdFusion MX 7.0 does not honor when the CFOBJECT /CreateObject(Java) setting is disabled, which allows local users to create an object despite the specified configuration.
CVE-2005-4343	Adobe (formerly Macromedia) ColdFusion MX 6.0, 6.1, 6.1 with JRun, and 7.0 allows remote attackers to attach arbitrary files and send mail via a crafted Subject field, which is not properly handled by the CFMAIL tag in applications that use ColdFusion, aka "CFMAIL injection Vulnerability".
CVE-2005-4342	ColdFusion Sandbox on Adobe (formerly Macromedia) ColdFusion MX 6.0, 6.1, 6.1 with JRun, and 7.0 does not throw an exception if the SecurityManager is disabled, which might allow remote attackers to "bypass security controls," aka "JRun Clustered Sandbox Security Vulnerability."
